Enable additional sources (#6)
OpenTermsArchive/federation-api: CHANGELOG.md

All changes that impact users of this module are documented in this file, in the [Common Changelog](https://common-changelog.org) format with some additional specifications defined in the [engine CONTRIBUTING file](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#changelog). This codebase adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## Unreleased [minor]

Reviewer: If there are breaking changes, shouldn't this be a major?

> If we want to this to be a minor, we could easily add backwards compatibility by taking `collectionsUrl` and wrap it in an array if `collections` is not defined.

> _Full changeset and discussions: [#4](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine/pull/4)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Full changeset and discussions: [#6](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine/pull/6)._
```

> _Full changeset and discussions: [#4](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine/pull/4) and [#6](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine/pull/6)._

Reviewer: > The full changeset is only in #6, I'd rather keep a unique reference in the changelog and make sure that the link to #4 is given in #6 🙂

> Development of this release was [supported](https://nlnet.nl/project/TOSDR-OTA/) by the [NGI0 Entrust Fund](https://nlnet.nl/entrust), a fund established by [NLnet](https://nlnet.nl/) with financial support from the European Commission's [Next Generation Internet](https://www.ngi.eu) programme, under the aegis of DG CNECT under grant agreement N°101069594.

### Changed

> - **Breaking:** Replaced `collectionsUrl` config entry with `collections` key, now supporting both URLs and directly specified collections. Refer to the [configuration documentation](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/api/federated/#configuring) for details.

Reviewer: https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#changes-that-impact-users §3

```suggestion
- **Breaking:** Support arbitrary collections as sources; rename `collectionsUrl` config entry into `collections` and wrap it in an array, refer to the [documentation](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/api/federated/#configuring) for details
```

> - **Breaking:** Support arbitrary collections as sources; rename `collectionsUrl` config entry into `collections` and wrap it in an array, refer to the [documentation](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/api/federated/#configuring) for details

Reviewer: > I'm wondering if it would not be safer to use a permalink (i.e. to the commit in the doc) rather than a doc URL that will not be valid in a few months.
